# Secured-Electronic-Voting-System-with-Appropriate-Authentication-Using-Blockchain

Abstract- The usage of online voting technologies has increased recently to make elections more comfortable and accessible for voters. However,keeping these systems secure and accurate continues to be a big challenge. In order to solve these problems, a face-and-email OTP-based voting system based on Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) approach is suggested in this research. Voters' identities are confirmed using facial recognition technology, which also captures their image for the system via email OTP verification. The facial recognition method is carried out using a CNN model that has been trained on a database of faces belonging to registered voters. The voter can use technology to cast their ballot after their identity has been verified. In the digital era where hacking and passing a system is easy, tampering with data is always possible leading to bad situations. Blockchain is used to store data that is near impossible to change or tamper with as it is very secure in nature. Voting as a process in any nation is an essential event and if votes get miscalculated by any external source it will be harmful. To avoid such kinds of situations and make it more comfortable blockchain technology comes in acknowledgment. It proposes a decentralized national e-voting system based on blockchain technology. It includes an admin panel to schedule the voting, manage candidates and declare the results. The web application will provide the users with an interface to enter their Voter ID (text input) and a photo of themselves at the time of voting. The eligibility of the voter will be checked at the time of enter their Voter ID. Eligible voter’s Email Id will be verified via One Time Password (OTP). After voter verification, individual voters will be considered eligible for voting. During voting, voters will be monitored through a webcam/front camera. The votes will be stored in a blockchain, and any tampering would be detected easily. The address and the corresponding constituency will be checked in the backend. Voting results will be declared on a specified date and will be handled by the admin. The results will be displayed with Vote counts and the highest vote will be declared as winner.
